software pos 211.txt I've only been in a recording studio 3 times and I have a vague understanding of what he was doing, unfortunately I was usually in the vocal booth while he did most of the work so I only heard the adjustments being made. I use this software with the Blue Yeti Pro microphone and so far have been told the recordings sound like studio quality. I did a lot of research on microphone setup and learning music editing terms for vocals. This software has a lot of features and does exactly what I need it to do, the user manual and help within the software is great, and the customer support has been excellent as well. I wrote an email to support on a Friday evening about a certain problem I was having and Tuesday morning of the following I had the problem resolved.
software neg 101.txt Don't waste you money. Piece of crap! Gopro Studio works better than this. 
music neg 492.txt  I should have known better, but was hoping that this album dipped into Celine's Francophile musical heritage. (Linda Ronstadt's spanish-language album comes to mind.) Instead, it is new songs, heavily enhanced electronically. Dion is an awesome singer, but this selection and treatment is not what I was looking for. 
music pos 385.txt I bought this for my mom. She is loving it. Also it was delivered a day earlier than promised. Amazon Prime is great. Keep up the good work 
dvd neg 41.txt loved this movie which is why I ordered it. But what I got was a wrinkled And STAINED DVD cover. NO CASE and the DVD is in an envelope as if bootlegged in someone's house. I thought I was ordering a semi-new DVD. That is not what I got at all. It didn't even come with a case as described
dvd pos 485.txt I never heard of this movie. What a surprise!!Smart, charming and funny. You will watch it, again. 
health pos 639.txt I highly recommend this product, the soap is excellent ! Only thing is, it does not last very long, but hey, I am not complaining ! 
health neg 650.txt when using the gel alone, directly to the skin around the eye, bruising and swelling will occur. Depending on the amount of the gel applied to the eyelid and surrounding area, it is possible for the eye to swell shut.buy..BUYER BEWARE!!! 
camera neg 878.txt This product had absolutely terrible image quality and battery life and was completely unreliable and dysfunctional. If you are on a tight budget, take the time and save up for something better or try yard sales for something more proven- you'll be better off.
camera pos 935.txt I could not afford those $5,000 cameras -- but this way under $200 was something the wife would allow-- it is addicting to get long range wild life shots-- this camera is not perfect but for the money you can't go wrong-- would be nice if it was 20 pix-- but the 16 isn't bad-- at 110 yards you can bring up a goose like he is right in front of you--only disappointment was no down load cord-- yes just pull the chip an down load that-- still would have been nice
books neg 362.txt Be careful what you order. There are two editions of this book; the 1995 edition and the revised 2004 edition. Note that the 2nd edition lists the 1995 printing first, but that not be what you get. I spent $115 hoping to get the rare, first edition, which supposedly has photos and different text. Instead, I got a hardcover version of the 2004 revised printing. Since the 1995 book was published when Obama was still a relative nobody it stands to reason the first edition had a limited circulation. Don't order the book unless you can see a picture of the cover. If it looks like the 2004 paperback, then it's not the 1st edition. 
books pos 394.txt I wanted to read this over the length of his presidency, but it never happened. It was a great read. Really helped me understand inner city life and the struggles of the black community. 